I have a lot of koppas left.
I promised to buy as many as I could.
How many koppas are left today?
I have six koppas left.
Hey, mom, I bought three koppas and six koppas.
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry again.
I buy koppas every day.
I'm not going to work.
What are you talking about?
I can't sell my koppas.
I can't sell koppas.
I'm in trouble if I keep bringing them.
I have a lot of koppas from the bottom of the circle to the middle of the tree.
It's not good if I have it on fire.
I can't sell koppas.
I'm sorry.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm a farmer and I'm making kaka.
I'm going to buy kaka, but I'm told by kaka.
Don't you buy kaka?
I can't buy it.
I'm not trying to make excuses.
I'm beautiful.
I'm a farmer.
I don't have to buy it.
I'm not a box like a tank.
I'm a box.
There's a half-diamond under it.
I'm pretty.
I'm going to buy this.
Why am I being
I'm not buying it.
Don't play with me.
I've been married for seven or eight years.
I've been divorced because I didn't buy it.
I can't go to Nakamoto.
I'm not going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
I'm buying it.
I'm not going to buy it.
I'm going to buy it.
If someone become offended in lust, they could use false cinema for fun.
So don't overdo what you do
There is compass, even foolish ones came Maloof
Foolish
Because chuckles
He cried. He was a fool.
He was writing in a funny way.
If he was angry, I would be angry with him.
Can you separate with this?
Think about it before you become a couple.
It's not like that.
What kind of relationship did you two have?
You're silent again.
Look, he doesn't even say anything strange.
It's like being threatened.
I'll give you this money.
Give me this money.
Put the cup there.
Then you can go home.
Drink a cup of tea.
Everyone's iron is good.
Mom, give me tea.
The feeling you got is that feeling.
Everyone, come to the feeling.